===== DOKUMEN 1 =====
Topik    : Misono Mika
Kategori : Blue Archive

Topik: Misono Mika
Kategori: Blue Archive
Isi: Introduction
A member of Trinity's student council, Tea Party, and one of its three student council presidents. She is the childhood friend of Nagisa and has known her for ten years. She calls her Nagi-chan. Unlike the other two presidents of the Tea Party, she isn't particularly bright when it comes to politics, but her strength is not to be underestimated.

Personality
She is a very talkative person, rarely particularly paying much mind to the current mood or flow of the conversation. She likes to interject her own, unfiltered thoughts into the current conversation.

Unlike the other two presidents of the Tea Party, she is not particularly bright and can be viewed as a happy-go-lucky type of person. Even in serious situations, she often acts in a carefree manner, though it sometimes devolves into a mockery.

Appearance
Mika has long pink hair that shifts to a pale blue near the bottom and a bun tied to the right of her head. She has golden eyes. On her back are a pair of angel wings that sprout from around waist level.

===== DOKUMEN 2 =====
Topik    : Liberalio
Kategori : Nikke

Topik: Liberalio
Kategori: Nikke
Isi: Liberalio has the following alias:
Gene Reaper (by Nayuta)
Jellyfish (by Nihilister)
Like all other members of the Offsprings, Liberalio's name is taken from 'liberalism,' a political and moral philosophy focusing on the rights and freedom of an individual.
She is the only member of Offspring that was absent during the Goddess Fall event.
Liberalio, Anachiro, and Bahamut are the only Heretics yet to show their Rapture form.
Advising Liberalio takes place in the imitation Ark instead of the Command Center.
Liberalio shares the same Korean character voice with Sin.
Liberalio shares the same English character voice with Nihilister, who is also from the same squad.

===== DOKUMEN 3 =====
Topik    : Tsukiyuki Miyako
Kategori : Nikke

Topik: Tsukiyuki Miyako
Kategori: Nikke
Isi: Introduction
Miyako is a member of SRT Special Academy and the leader of the RABBIT Platoon. Her facial expressions rarely change and she rarely shows her emotions. People around her tend to think she is unsociable, but in her heart, she is a kind-hearted platoon leader who is always concerned about her team members.

Personality
Leader of the Rabbit Platoon before SRT disbanded, she often takes initiative leading her squad in operations although they tend to not like being bossed around especially since their school has been shutdown. She tends to be expressionless, but she cares a lot for her team. She is also dedicated in her mission to restore SRT however she can, as daunting as the situation may seem.

Appearance
Miyako has thigh-length silver hair with bangs that frame her face and light magenta eyes. Part of her hair is tied by a black ribbon into a little side ponytail.

Halo
Miyako's cyan halo is formed by a circle within a slightly larger circle with four blunts and surrounded by eight jagged shapes.

